Add channels and messaging provider pages (#20)
dimagi/open-chat-studio-docs: docs/concepts/messaging_providers.md

# Messaging Providers

> Messaging providers offer access to communication platforms such as WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Slack, and more. These services enable seamless communication and interaction, allowing users to send and receive messages, media, and other types of content efficiently.

Reviewer: Maybe drop the media references since we currently only support text (and voice). 

```suggestion
Messaging providers offer access to communication platforms such as WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Slack, and more. Connecting a chatbot to these services allows users to interact with the bot on the respective service.```
